Hello! My name is Sergey Polikarpov. I’m 25 years old. It’s my first experience in video-recording myself. So I’ll talk about myself, about my experience in front-end, how and why I started to learn this direction.  
I wanted to be a programmer since school so I so I paid a lot of attention to computer science. Then I went to university to study engineering because my field of study included programming, but in the end, this specialty has little to do with IT. So what about my education? I have a master's degree in process and production of automation. Also I took an English course at the pre-intermediate level (A2). I am currently working as an engineer in a design organization. I don’t woте to be an engineer of automation because it is not mine.  
About half year ago I started to learn JavaScript. Why this language? Because I found it interesting. JS has great possibilities and potential and it is in high demand in the labor market.  
I learned  JS’s syntax and started to learn HTML and CSS. Then I built sites according to layouts and figma. I built some simple app. The first app was “ToDo-list”, with saving data from localStorage and json-file. Then I built “Calendar-app” with Weather-API.  
After I learned about RSS and started the stage#1. At this stage I learned the Git system, how create repositories, to do commits, push, deploy etc. I fixes some gaps in html/css/js. It was interesting to create a project “Virtual Keyboard”. It was like “ToDO app” or “Calendar-app”, I was saying about this apps.  
I can’t say that stage#1 was simle, time – it’s the biggest problem of every task. But the result is fast. This is a great experience, that's why I want to continue my studies at stage#2.
_ _ _ _ _  